Sun Yat-sen University, founded by Dr. Sun Yat-sen，has an educational tradition spanning over 100 years.
Under the direct supervision of the Ministry of Education of the People’s Republic of China, and strongly supported by both the Ministry and Guangdong Province, Sun Yat-sen University has developed into a modern comprehensive university that enjoys a reputation as a top-tier university nationally and a renowned university internationally.
With five campuses in the three cities of Guangzhou, Zhuhai and Shenzhen, and ten affiliated hospitals, the University is striving to become a world-class university and global center of learning.
Built on a solid multidisciplinary foundation of humanities, social sciences, natural sciences, health sciences, and engineering, Sun Yat-sen University is propelled forward by the continuous pursuit of academic innovation
The University is equipped with a globally aware outlook, and has dedicated itself to being an institution that is comprehensive, research-oriented, and open.
The University adheres to the socialist orientation of higher education, focusing on the fundamental task of nurturing virtue and talents. 
The basic guiding philosophy is to target the global science frontiers, serve the main economic battlefield, strive to fulfill significant needs of the country and benefit people's lives and health. 
The coordinated development of five campuses in the three cities of Guangzhou, Zhuhai and Shenzhen will jointly support the development of the entire University.
The University is pushing forward the transformation from external development to internal development, the transformation from routine development to active development, and the transformation from a university with discrete advantages in humanities, social sciences, natural sciences and medical sciences to a university where humanities, social sciences, natural sciences, health sciences, engineering, agriculture and arts can achieve comprehensive development.
Now, standing at a new starting point, Sun Yat-sen University strives to join the national first-tier universities and build a world-class university with Chinese characteristics.